# Platter UI Search Application

## Stack decisions

Based on the job spec, I have decided to use the Next JS framework from [`create-next-app`](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/packages/create-next-app). with:
- Tailwind
- Typescript
- Eslint

The package manager used on my local development machine is `PNPM` to take advantage of faster transpilation and package caching.

## Running the project

To run the development server
```bash
pnpm dev
```

The service will be created at [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000). Please bear in mind that the development server is not optimised for performance for a number of reasons.

I have excluded any form of deployment configuration / actions from the project as they are not relevant to the stated requirements. However, NextJS can be deployed to - and hosted by - many different cloud platforms including AWS, GCP, and especially Vercel.

## Notes

- Testing the HTML agains the W3C Validator brings up issues with self-closing tags. Some of the HTML is generated by NextJS (Image module), and there isn't any time to figure out how to change that right now.
- There is no form validation on the contact inputs. It is a statically created form and the data simply disappears into the aether.
- I ran out of time to implement the right sidebar on the profile page.

## Todos

- [x] Basic app scaffolding and configuration
- [x] Fetch a list of user data from the API
- [x] Determine whether to use API or client-side pagination
- [x] Setup mock data (dev type and skills) to add to users for filtering
- [x] Setup mock data for sidebar filtering options
- [x] Implement profile page
- [x] Implement contact modal
- [x] Implement 3-second timout to simulate contact sending
- [x] Implement search page
- [x] Implement pagination
- [x] Implement filtering
- [x] Create responsive layout styles
- [x] Nav and Footer improvements on smaller screens
- [x] Test HTML agains W3C Validator
